Give yourself a 10-second manicure. Every nail must be painted.
Brush the teeth of the person sitting next to you.
Text your crush and tell them you love them.
Call a random number and try to flirt with the person who picks up.
Stuff ice inside your bra and leave it there for 60 seconds.
Let everyone rummage through your purse.
Post a really long and serious Facebook status confessing your love for chocolate.
Take your bra off under your shirt and don't put it back on until the end of the game.
Do 10 push-ups.
Run around the house with a pair of underwear on your head.
Use three items in the fridge as lotion.
Let the person to your left do your makeup.
Call a guy of the group's choosing and tell him he's the ugliest person you've ever met.
Lick a doorknob.
Be blindfolded for the rest of the game.
Let each person in the group crack an egg on your head.
Sing everything you say for the rest of the game.
Twerk to an NSYNC song.
Dip a toothbrush into the toilet water and brush your teeth with it.
Let people throw food at you.
Rub mayonnaise in your hair and leave it on for the rest of the game.
Blindfold someone and have them kiss three objects.
Draw a tattoo with marker on your bicep.
Give yourself a mohawk.
Shave off all the hair on one leg.
Put all of your clothes on backward.
Hold hands with the person next to you.
Send a romantic text message to a girl of the group's choosing.
Wear lipstick for the rest of the game.
Eat 10 Oreo cookies that are filled with mayo.
Pluck a single nose hair.
Eat a spoonful of wasabi.
Exchange shirts with the player to your right.
Lick peanut butter off of someone's armpit.
Kiss the person to your right on the back of their neck.
Eat a handful of uncooked rice.
Call a random guy and flirt with him in a girly voice.
Lick the toilet seat.
Tie your shirt up to expose your midriff and twerk.
Take a picture of yourself next to a bra and post it on Instagram.
Write on Facebook: "I'm a size 36 C."
Color your teeth with lipstick.
Wear women's clothing and walk down the street. Then, take a selfie and post it to your social media accounts.
Knock on your neighbor's door and ask if they have a spare condom.
Wet your socks and freeze them.
Post something embarrassing on Facebook for one minute, then delete it.
Walk like a crab for the rest of the game.
Cover your whole face in blush.
Eat a spoonful of sugar and act like you're really hyper.
Call a random girl from your class and tell her you want to break up.
Drink a soda and belch as loudly as possible.
Mix orange juice and milk and drink it.
Trim all of your toenails by biting them.
Put on mascara.
Snapchat a picture of your elbow and caption it: "My favorite part of my body."
Get on your knees and walk like that until the end of the game.
Silently do the macarena.
Give yourself a permanent marker mustache.
Shave one of your arms.
Hold your nose while talking.
Give everyone in the room a hug.
Do as many squats as you can. On the front lawn.
Go outside and hug a tree.
Sing the “I Love You” Barney song.
Eat an ant.
Attempt to breakdance.
Do the worm.
Have a full conversation with yourself in a mirror.
Put your shoes on the wrong feet and keep them there.
Do a hula dance.
Lick the wall.
Sing like an opera singer.
Wear your underwear on the outside of your clothes.
Sing the chorus of your favorite song.
For the next 15 minutes, only speak in baby talk.
Put hot sauce on ice cream and eat it.
Admit on Facebook that you still wear a training bra.
Let someone in the group cut a piece of your hair.
Do 50 sit-ups.
Call Walmart and ask if they do makeovers for prom.
Call a tattoo shop and ask if they can tattoo 30 teardrops on your face.
Run down the street with a wet T-shirt on.
Move across the floor using only your hands.
Film a makeup tutorial and post it to Facebook.
Tweet or update your Facebook status to "I think eggplants are sexy."
Eat a spoonful of hot sauce without drinking anything after.
Tape your mouth shut.
Read two paragraphs from a book of someone’s choice.
Take embarrassing pictures and Snapchat them to people.
Use your feet as your hands, picking up anything you need with your toes.
Lick a dog or cat treat and pretend to thoroughly enjoy it.
Lay on the floor and act like a piece of frying bacon.
Stick your bare foot in the toilet for a minute.
Chug a cup of milk.
Make fart noises with your armpit.
Crack an egg over your head.
Smear peanut butter all over your face for a 30-minute facial.
Hop on one foot wherever you have to go.
Do 20 push-ups.
Make yourself a diaper out of a dishtowel and wear it outside your clothes.
Make a hat out of foil and wear it.
Build a pillow fort and sit in it.
Make a mask on your face using wet toilet paper.
Talk like a robot.
Act like Elvis.
