Take an embarrassing selfie and post it as your profile picture.
Remove your socks with your teeth.
Go next door with a measuring cup and ask for a cup of sugar.
Let the group choose an item for you to brush your teeth with.
Write your name on the floor with your tongue.
Stick a Hot Cheeto in your nose, and leave it there for five minutes.
Open your front door and howl like a wolf for 30 seconds.
Let the person to your right put duct tape on any part of your body they choose and rip it off.
Put a bunch of honey on your nose and coat it with flour.
Until the next round, talk super loud, like nobody can hear you.
Call your crush.
Take a shot of pickle juice.
Talk to a pillow like it’s your crush.
Pretend you’re a bird and eat cereal off the floor using only your mouth.
Make out with your hand.
Let someone else style your hair and keep it that way for the rest of the day.
Use a brush like you’re talking into a microphone each time you speak.
Color one of your front teeth black. (Eyeliner works!)
Pick your friend’s nose.
Fake cry.
Make repulsive sounds while eating and drinking.
Cross your eyes when talking.
Talk without closing your mouth.
Act like an animal of the group’s choosing.
Get into a debate with a wall.
Squirt your face with a squirt gun continuously while talking.
See how many grapes you can stuff in your mouth.
Hiccup in between each word.
Burp the alphabet.
Draw on your face with permanent marker.
Dip your sock-covered feet in the toilet, and don't dry them off for the rest of the game.
Eat a spoonful of mustard.
Lift up the couch cushions, and if there is anything under them, you need to put it in your mouth for 10 seconds.
Spin around 10 times and try to walk straight.
Eat a raw egg.
Let the group choose three random things from the refrigerator and mix them together. Then you have to eat the mixture.
Stand up and do jumping jacks until your next turn.
Rub your armpits and then smell your fingers.
Dig through the trash and name everything you find.
Go outside and pick exactly 40 blades of grass with a pair of tweezers.
Eat a whole piece of paper.
Fill your mouth with water, and each person in the group must tell the funniest joke they know. If you spit up the water, you have to eat a spoonful of dirt.
Tie your hands to your ankles for the rest of the game.
Suck your big toe.
Eat a mouthful of raw pasta.
Dump a bunch of LEGOs on the floor and walk over them with your bare feet.
Write a letter to your doctor describing an embarrassing rash you have, and post it on Facebook.
Go outside and hug a mailbox until at least three passersby have seen you.
Only speak in rhymes for the rest of the game.
Soak a shirt in water, put it in the fridge for 20 minutes, and then wear it.
Trade clothes with the person next to you.
Make a silly face and keep it that way until the next round.
Kneel for an hour.
Let someone wax your back.
Drink water straight from a running faucet for a whole minute.
For the rest of the game, do not say "I."
Make up a rap about koalas.
Call a stranger and tell them a secret.
Allow someone to pour ice down your shirt and pants.
Let each person in the group slap you as hard as they can on your butt.
Walk down the street in your underwear.
Make your ear touch your shoulder for the rest of the game.
