Let the person next to you wax you wherever they want.
Sniff another player’s armpit for 10 seconds.
Give your phone to another player to send a text message to their contact of choice.
Let the other players go through your phone for a minute.
Let another player throw flour in your face.
Sing a song chosen by the group while eating spoonfuls of peanut butter.
Close your eyes and let your friends put whatever food from the fridge they want in your mouth.
One by one, make up a title for each player's movie about their life.
Let your friends pose you and stay like that until the next round.
Let each player choose one word, then attempt to form a sentence with them and post it to Facebook.
Empty your purse, backpack, or wallet, and let everyone see what you have.
Allow the person to your right to tickle you.
Whoever's name begins with an A in the group must call your parents and tell them what a bad friend you are to them.
Do your best impression of someone in the room and keep going until someone correctly guesses who it is.
Be blindfolded and let someone feed you something.
Someone has to dip their finger in the trash can, and you have to lick it.
Go to the bathroom. The person to your left has to be in there with you the whole time.
Trade socks with the person to your right.
Have the person to your right do 10 squats while you lie underneath them.
Hold hands with the person to your left for the rest of the game.
Hand your phone to the person across from you and let them post whatever they want to your social media accounts.
Take the socks off the feet of the person across from you and wear them like gloves until your next turn.
Serenade the person next to you.
Take a selfie with the person next to you, and post it on social media along with a deep and emotional paragraph about what they mean to you.
Let the person across from you give you a wedgie.
Eat a single spaghetti like in Lady and the Tramp with the person to your left.
Pick up a random book and read it in the most seductive voice you can manage.
Change your Facebook status to “I’m coming . . . I’m coming . . . " Then, one minute later, change it to "I just came.”
You’re in school, and you’ve been a bad student. For the next round, you’re in time-out on someone’s lap.
Someone has to lick peanut butter, chocolate sauce, or whipped cream off your finger, cheek, or somewhere of their choice.
With your eyes closed and the other person or people standing across from you in the room, walk with your hands out. You have to kiss the first person you touch, wherever you touch them.
Take a naked selfie and send it to your partner.
Take your bra off under your shirt and toss it out the window.
Someone gives you a back massage for one minute while you’re blindfolded. If you like their style, you can choose to kiss them afterward, but without knowing their identity.
You have to keep your hand on the very inner thigh of the person next to you for the next round.
Do your best sexy crawl.
