Go on Facebook Live and read the back of a shampoo bottle.
Call a 7-Eleven and ask if they’re open.
Stand in the backyard and yell at the top of your lungs, “Nooooo! I was adopted!”
Go outside in the driveway and do the disco without music.
Call a car part store and tell them that you need a part for your Model T.
Take a selfie with the toilet and post it online.
Sniff everyone’s feet and rank them in order of freshest to stinkiest.
Call a NY-style pizza place and ask them what the difference is between NY pizza and “real” pizza.
Open your front door and loudly sing “Hallelujah!”
Go outside and pretend you're cutting the grass with an invisible mower.
Call a pizza place and ask if they use cruelty-free wheat in their dough.
Call your mom and tell her you can't find a girlfriend in a very panicked voice.
Wear your underwear over your pants for the rest of the game.
Call the library and ask if they carry a dictionary that translates British to American.
Send a Snapchat of you pretending to cry because you just found out you were adopted.
Go on Facebook and write "How do you spell "facebook"?" as your status.
Sniff the armpit of the person next to you, and describe what it smells like to the entire group.
Go outside and try to summon the rain.
Sing the "Star-Spangled Banner" in a British accent.
Take a picture of a tampon and post it on Instagram.
Call a random number, and when someone picks up, immediately start singing the national anthem.
Call Target and ask them if they deliver popcorn.
Call McDonald's and ask if they sell Whoppers.
Call a pizza shop and ask if you can return a pizza.
Call a car dealership and ask if they have any horse buggies in stock.
Change your relationship status on Facebook to "it's complicated."
Call Macy's and tell them you're interested in buying them.
Sing instead of speaking for the next two rounds of the game.
Call a random number and sing "Happy Birthday."
Call a Chinese restaurant and ask if they have sushi.
Run around outside yelling, “I have lice!”
Stop a car that is going down the street and tell them that their wheels are turning.
Open Facebook, go to the account of the first person you see, and Like every post on their wall going back a full year.
Pick the nose of the person next to you.
Lick a car tire.
Lick the bottom of your shoe.
Jump into a dumpster.
Take a plate of leftovers over to your neighbor, knock on their door, and say, "Welcome to the neighborhood" as if you've never met them before.
Text someone “hey.” Every time they respond, say “hey.” Do this 10 times. For the 11th time, reply with “hi.”
Dip your finger in the toilet, and then kiss that finger.
Make a hand puppet by drawing a face on your hand, and use your hand to say what you want to say.
Let everyone look through your search history for two minutes.
Coat your hands in food coloring and don’t wash them off for 10 minutes.
Skype/FaceTime someone and pick your nose during the conversation.
Remove your underwear and throw it in the garbage.
Lick mayonnaise off of someone's toe.
Let a person in the group put a leash on you and walk you down the street.
Cry like a baby for one full minute.
Call a drug store and ask them which laxative is the most effective. After they answer, ask how many they have.
Do your best fake “O” while looking the person to the left of you in the eye.
Have someone blindfold you, and then have everyone in the group kiss you on the cheek. You have to either say which one is your partner, and then kiss them on the lips, OR you have to choose one person that you want to kiss on the lips.
With your eyes closed and the other person or people standing across from you in the room, walk with your hands out. You have to kiss the first person you touch exactly where you touch them.
You have to leave an R-rated voicemail for an ex.
Someone has to lick peanut butter, chocolate sauce, or whipped cream off your finger, cheek, or somewhere of their choice.
Someone feeds you M&Ms or other small chocolate candy, and you have to say, “Thank you, Daddy," after each one.
If there’s a pool, you have to go skinny dipping, and you have to choose one buddy to go with you.
You’re in school and you’ve been a bad student. For the next round, you’re in time-out on someone’s lap.
Someone goes onto your Amazon account and buys a special toy for you that’s $20 or less.
Talk to your hand like you’re making a game plan to sleep with someone else who is in the room.
Lay down on the ground and have someone pretend like they’re using chalk to draw an outline of your body.
Go to Cosmopolitan’s website’s love section and find a position you’ve never heard of. Then, try to act it out using whatever furniture and pillows you have at your disposal.
You leave the room. Everyone pours a shot. You come back into the room and take one of the shots that was poured. You have to sit on the lap of whomever poured that drink for the rest of the round. (People can take the other shots.)
You have to undress down to your accessories and skivvies. If you want to keep any clothes on, you have to take a shot for every piece of clothing you want to keep.
Lightly trace your hands over someone else’s lips and whisper, “I’m coming, I’m coming," five times.
Change your Facebook status to “I’m coming . . . I’m coming . . .". Then, one minute later, change it to "I just came.”
Put on a swimming suit and have someone rub sunscreen on your back. Wear the suit for the rest of the evening.
Someone gives you a back massage for one minutes while you’re blindfolded. If you like their style, you can choose to kiss them afterwards, but without knowing their identity.
You have to keep your hand on the very inner thigh of the person next to you for the next round.
You have to wash your partner's feet.
Be blindfolded and then tickled for a minute.
Turn out the lights and try to turn the other person on only using sounds.
Get within one inch of the other person, look them straight in the eye, and tell them how you feel about them for one minute. Do not touch them.
Blow on the back of the other person's neck, alternating hot and cool for one minute. Do not touch them.
Spell out a secret message for them on their back. If they get it right, they get a special favor of their choosing. If they get it wrong, they have to do something special for you.
You get to dress your partner up, using your clothes. Then take a picture.
You have to call one of your partner’s parents and tell them how much you love your partner.
Go streaking around the block. (This is illegal, so be careful!)
You have to do a one-person re-enactment of Romeo and Juliet using only animal sounds for the dialogue.
Sing "The Star-Spangled Banner" in a British accent while hula hooping.
Do a sexy dance for your partner, but you can only use one leg.
Your partner has to ride you like a cowboy and you have to buck like a bronco.
You have to wear handcuffs for the rest of the game.
Trade clothes with your partner.
Take a body shot.
Make out with them.
Give them a massage.
Remove your bra without taking off your shirt.
Take off their shirt with only your teeth.
Beg them to make out with you. They have to refuse. Keep trying to convince them in different ways for two minutes.
Put on sexy music and vacuum with no pants on.
You have to do whatever they tell you for one minute.
Let them do whatever they want for two minutes with your phone.
Take a picture of your "O" face. You have to use that as your lock screen for 48 hours.
(for women) Put on your wedding dress (it doesn’t matter if it doesn’t fit), and describe the first sexual memory you have of your partner.
Give a cooking demonstration of “How to Make Cereal” completely in the buff.
Find an old photograph and recreate it as closely as possible.
Create a “flower bouquet” using just items that you’ve found in your kitchen and give it to your spouse, telling them what each different “flower” means—i.e., "This ladle reminds me of the time you did [fill in the blank]."
Act out an X-rated version of your wedding day.
Do a shot for every time you forgot either your anniversary or your spouse’s birthday. If you want, you can opt to lose a piece of clothing instead of doing a shot.
Wearing just an apron, organize all of the Tupperware and lids.
You have to give your spouse a full-body massage for five minutes.
Whisper the names of all 50 states into your spouse’s ear in the most seductive way possible.
Play the game Reward or Punishment. Your spouse gets to ask you three questions that have to do with your knowledge of them. If you get them right, you get a special reward. If you get them wrong, you get a special punishment.
You have to say to your spouse, “Daddy/Mommy, I’ve been a really bad girl/boy. I think I need a spanking.” If they refuse to give it to you, you have to beg for it.
Kiss them somewhere new each round.
Lick whipped cream off their stomach.
Go skinny dipping for three minutes.
Send them a picture of you in your birthday suit.
Take a naughty picture with them.
Tease them for a minute.
Give them a lap dance.
Kiss them passionately, like in the movies . . .
Massage their neck with your mouth.
Give them a back massage without using your hands.
Act out how you remember your first date together without speaking.
Act out how you remember your first date together in 30 seconds.
Put a sock in your pants and pretend it’s your junk for the rest of the night.
Give a detailed presentation on your sexual moves in the style of a TED Talk.
Take off your bra but leave your shirt on.
Try to take off your underwear without flashing anyone.
Put someone else's underwear on your head.
Draw eyes above your belly button and give a presidential address as this character.
Put a bra on your head and pretend you’re a DJ rocking it really hard for one minute.
Choreograph a new dance inspired by the act of doing and folding laundry. Make it sexy.
Take a picture of a tampon and post it on Instagram.
Put on a pair of heels and take off your pants (not in that order).
Grab a broom and do your sexiest dance with it.
Touch tongues with someone.
Shave one of your arms.
Demonstrate your best technique for you-know-what on your finger.
Do as many squats as you can. On the front lawn.
You have to entirely redress yourself with whatever you find in the kitchen.
Fake it for 10 seconds.
If you’re at your home, pretend you’re an auctioneer auctioning off your favorite grown-up toy, giving details about why you like it. If you’re at someone else’s home, use something that looks kind of like it.
Use your butt to give a speech to the group about gas prices (or something else of your choosing).
Do your best sexy crawl.
Give a detailed presentation on how you woo a lover in the style of a TED Talk.
Give your junk a name and then give a stream-of-consciousness speech from its perspective.
Imitate the sounds of both sides of your most recent romantic encounter.
Try to hit on someone in this group like you’re at a bar.
Make as many different sounds with your lips as you can.
Make as many different fart sounds as you can.
You have to say, “I’m just a silly boy,” and slap yourself gently on the face 20 times.
Go hide somewhere in the house until the next round starts. No one is going to come find you, but you must remain hidden.
Cook two bags of popcorn. Eat all of it as fast as you can, but in the sexiest way possible.
Take off your shirt and pants, lay down on the ground, and act like a dolphin that’s gotten stranded on land for one minute.
Pretend like you’re making sweet, sweet, love to the couch for one and a half minutes.
Pick up a random book and read it in the most seductive voice you can manage.
Demonstrate to the room how to put a condom on using a banana.
Make out with your hand to “The Song That Never Ends” (look it up on YouTube).
Put in your headphones and put on your favorite song and dance to it.
Someone gets to draw something on your face (with just a pen, not a permanent marker).
You have to hold a mouthful of water in your mouth until the round is over.
Slap your butt and say, “I’ve been bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, naughty!”
Put on a dance song and grind with a pillow for one minute.
Feed someone almonds using just your mouth.
