What is the worst date you’ve ever been on?
Have you ever had a crush on a friend’s boyfriend/girlfriend?
If you had to make out with a boy at school, who would it be?
Would you rather go for a month without washing your hair or go for a day without wearing a bra?
Have you ever asked someone out?
Have you ever had a crush on a person at least 10 years older than you?
Who is the worst kisser you’ve kissed?
What size is your bra?
Do you wear tighty-whities or granny panties?
Do you ever admire yourself in the mirror?
Has a crush ever found out you liked them and turned you down?
Have you ever been stood up on a date?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve done regarding your crush?
Do you secretly love Twilight?
Have you ever wanted to be a cheerleader?
Who is the hottest: Hagrid, Dumbledore, or Dobby?
If you could marry any celebrity, who would it be?
What do you do to get yourself "sexy"?
Who is your current crush?
What hairstyle have you always wanted, but never been willing to try?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve said or done in front of someone you like?
What part of your body do you love, and which part do you hate?
Who is your celebrity crush?
If you could change one thing about your body, what would it be?
Who was your first kiss? Did you like it?
Who are you jealous of?
If you could be another girl at our school, who would you be?
Would you kiss a guy on the first date? Would you do more than that?
Who are the top five cutest guys in our class? Rank them.
How many kids do you want to have in the future?
Who do you hate the most?
If you could go out on a date with a celebrity, who would it be?
If you were stranded on a deserted island, who would you want to be stranded with from our school?
Have you ever flirted with your best friend’s siblings?
Have you ever been dumped? What was the reason for it?
Jock, nerd, or bad guy?
Have you ever had a crush on friend's boyfriend?
Who is your first pick for prom?
What's the sexiest thing about a guy?
What's the sexiest thing about a girl?
What's one physical feature that you would change on yourself if you could?
Would you rather be a guy than a girl? Why?
Describe your dream career.
If you could eat anything you wanted without getting fat, what would that food be?
If you had to do a game show with someone in this room, who would you pick?
Would you go a year without your phone if it meant you could marry the person of your dreams?
You are going to be stuck on a desert island, and you can only bring five things. List them.
If you could only wear one hairstyle for the rest of your life, would you choose curly hair or straight hair?
You have to give up one makeup item for the rest of your life. What is it?
Would you date someone shorter than you?
If someone paid you $1000 to wear your bra outside your shirt, would you do it?
Who would you hate to see naked?
How long have you gone without a shower?
If you could only text one person for the rest of your life, but you could never talk to that person face-to-face, who would that be?
How long have you gone without brushing your teeth?
What's one thing you would never eat on a first date?
What have you seen that you wish you could unsee?
If you could be reincarnated into anyone's body, who would you want to become?
If you switched genders for the day, what would you do?
What's one food that you will never order at a restaurant?
What's the worst weather to be stuck outside in if all you could wear was a bathing suit?
If your car broke down in the middle of the road, who in this room would be the last person you would call? Why?
What's the most useless piece of knowledge you know?
What did you learn in school that you wish you could forget?
Is it better to use shampoo as soap or soap as shampoo?
If you ran out of toilet paper, would you consider wiping with the empty roll?
What would be the worst part about getting pantsed in front of your crush?
If you could only use one swear word for the rest of your life, which one would you choose?
What's the best thing to say to your friend that would be the worst thing to say to your crush?
Who do you think is the Beyonce of the group?
Would you rather eat dog food or cat food?
If you had nine lives, what would you do that you wouldn't do now?
If you could play a prank on anyone without getting caught, who would you play it on?
What would the prank be?
Have you ever pretended to like a gift? How did you pretend?
Would you rather not shower for a month, or eat the same meal every day for a month?
What animal most closely resembles your eating style?
If you could choose to never sweat for the rest of your life or never have to use the bathroom, which would you choose?
If you could spend every waking moment with your girlfriend or boyfriend, would you?
If your crush told you he liked your best friend, what would you do?
What if your best friend told you that she liked your crush?
If you knew your friend's boyfriend was cheating on her, what would you do?
Have you ever told a lie about your best friend to make yourself look better?
What was your first impression of [fill in the name of a person in the room]?
If you had to date someone else's boyfriend, who would it be?
Who's hotter: you or your friend?
Have you ever shared your friend's secret with someone else?
Rate everyone in the room from 1 to 10, with 10 being the hottest.
Would you share a toothbrush with your best friend?
Rate everyone in the room from 1 to 10, with 10 being the best personality.
Have you ever ignored a friend's text? Why did you do it?
Have you ever lied to your best friend?
Would you let a friend cheat on a test?
If your friend asked you to lie for her and you knew you would get in trouble, would you do it?
If one of your friends were cheating with your other friend's boyfriend, what would you do?
Would you ditch your friends if you could become the most popular girl in school?
If you had to choose, who would you stop being friends with?
Name one thing you would change about each person in this room.
If you had to trade your friend in for the celebrity crush of your dreams, which friend would you choose?
What was your first impression of your best friend's boyfriend?
What do you think about him now?
Have you ever thought about ditching your friend for a boy?
If someone asked you what your best friend is like, how would you describe her?
You win a trip and are allowed to bring two people. Who do you pick?
On an overnight trip, would you rather share a bed with your best friend or her boyfriend?
If you could swap one physical feature with your best friend, what would that be?
Have you ever told a secret you were told to keep?
If your best friend had B.O., would you tell her?
What is the most annoying thing about your best friend?
Who do you think your friend should date instead of her current boyfriend?
If she doesn't have a boyfriend, who do you think she should date?
Do you think your friend's boyfriend is hot?
Would you hook up with him if you knew she would never find out?
Have you ever ditched your friend for a boy?
If your friend and your boyfriend were both dying in front of you, who would try to save first?
Do you currently have a crush on anyone?
Describe what your crush looks like.
What is your crush's personality like?
Is there anything about your life you would change?
Who do you hate, and why?
What's your biggest pet peeve?
How many people have you kissed?
What's your biggest turn-on?
If you could date anyone in the world, who would you date?
Would you rather be skinny and hairy or fat and smooth?
Who would you ask to prom if you could choose anyone?
Describe your perfect date.
Would you ever date two people at once if you could get away with it?
You have to delete every app on your except for five. Name the five you would keep.
Have you ever sent out a nude Snapchat?
Have you ever received a nude selfie? Who was it from?
What was your reaction? Like or dislike?
Have you ever gotten mad at a friend for posting an unflattering picture of you?
Have you ever had a crush on a teacher?
Who do you think would make the best kisser? (List a few people for them to choose.)
Have you ever sent someone the wrong text?
Have you ever cursed at your parents? Why?
Who do you think is the cutest person in our class?
What is the most attractive feature on a person?
What the biggest deal-breaker for you?
How far would you go on a first date?
Have you ever regretted something you did to get a crush's attention?
Would you ever be mean to someone if it meant you could save your close friend from embarrassment?
Of the people at our school, who do you think would make the best president?
If we didn't have a dress code, what would you wear to school that you can't wear now?
Describe what makes someone husband or wife material.
If you could make $1 million, would you drop out of school?
What is your worst habit?
What's one thing you do that you don't want anyone to know about?
Do you frequently stalk anyone on social media? Who?
If you had to choose between dating someone ugly who was good in bed or dating someone hot who was bad in bed, which would you choose?
If you could be invisible, who would you spy on?
Who are the top 5 hottest girls at our school? In our class?
Who in this room would you make out with?
If you could date one of your bro's girlfriends, who would it be?
What your favorite body part?
When was the last time you flexed in the mirror?
Describe your perfect partner.
Have you ever been in love?
Blondes or brunettes?
What turns you on the most?
If your parents hated your girlfriend, would you dump her?
If your girlfriend hated your best friend, what would you do?
Who is your biggest celebrity crush?
Would you take steroids?
Have you ever had a crush on a friend's girlfriend?
Who are you jealous of?
Who do you think is the hottest in our group?
What is your biggest turn-off?
Have you ever been rejected by someone?
If you had to choose between being poor and smart or being rich and dumb, what would you choose?
What have you lied to your partner about?
Have you ever cheated on your partner?
Would you go out with an older woman?
Do you have a crush on someone from another school?
Boxers or briefs?
When was the last time you cried?
Have you ever had a crush on a friend's girlfriend?
If you could make out with someone else's girl, who would it be?
If every time you checked out a girl's body you would gain 5 pounds, how often would you do it?
Have you ever lied about your age?
Have you ever fallen in love at first sight?
If a girl you didn't like had a crush on you, how would you act around her?
What if she was your friend?
What would you do if you found out your girlfriend liked someone else?
If we formed a boy band, who here would make the best lead singer?
