If you had to delete one app from your phone, which one would it be?
What is your greatest fear in a relationship?
Go around the room and say one positive and one negative thing about each person.
What is one disturbing fact I should know about you?
Have you ever smoked?
Have you ever tried drugs?
What about alcohol?
What's the craziest thing you've done while under the influence?
If you were trapped for three days on an island, who are three people in this room you would bring with you and why?
Would you go to a nude beach?
Who's the most annoying person in this room?
Are you still a virgin?
If you had to marry someone in this room, who would it be?
Do you have hidden piercings or tattoos?
How long was your longest relationship?
If you could have one celebrity follow you on Instagram, who would that be?
You have to delete five people on Instagram. Name them.
Do you want to get married one day?
Do you want to have kids? How many?
Would you ever get into a long-distance relationship?
Describe the person of your dreams.
What would you do if you found out you flunked school?
If your girlfriend or boyfriend broke up with you at school, what would you do?
If you had the power to fire one teacher, who would it be?
Basketball, baseball, or football?
What was your first job?
If you don't have one yet, where would you want to work?
How many hours would you spend online if you didn't have school or homework?
How tall do you want to be?
What's your biggest fear about college?
What are you most excited about?
Would you want your best friend to go to the same college as you?
Would you want your current boyfriend or girlfriend to go to the same college as you?
Who do you think is the hottest celebrity?
What's your dream job?
What was a rumor that went around about you?
Have you ever failed a class?
If you had the power to fire one teacher, who would that be?
If you could plan a class prank knowing you'll never get caught, what would the prank be?
Have you ever cheated on a test?
Have you ever had a crush on a teacher? Who?
Who would you take to prom?
Have you ever made out at school?
Who would you never ever want to sit next to in class?
Have you ever been late to class?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've ever done in front of a teacher?
Have you ever stuck gum under a desk?
What do you think is better: tests or essays?
Have you ever eaten lunch by yourself? Why?
If you had to take one class for the rest of your life, what class would it be, and who would the teacher be?
If you wanted to make out on campus, where would you do it?
Have you ever gotten into a fight on school grounds?
What was the worst score you’ve ever gotten on a test?
Have you ever fallen asleep in class?
Have you ever gotten detention or been suspended?
If you were invisible, would you sneak a peek in the other locker room?
If so, who would you be hoping to see?
Who's the hottest teacher at our school?
What's the worst class to have first period?
If you had to take a person from another grade to prom, who would that be?
Who do you want to make out with the most?
If you had to flash just one person in this room, who would it be?
If you haven't had your first kiss yet, who in this room do you want to have your first kiss with?
Of the people in this room, who would you go out with?
Describe the most attractive thing about each person in this room.
Who here do you think is the best flirt?
Who has the best smile?
Who has the cutest nose?
How about prettiest eyes?
Who's the funniest in this room?
What's one thing you would never do in front of someone you had a crush on?
How often do you check yourself out in the mirror when you're on a date?
Who here do you think would be the best kisser?
Who has the best dance moves?
If you could have one physical feature of someone in this room, what would that be?
What is your wildest fantasy?
How far would you go with someone you just met and will never see again?
Rate me on a scale of 1 to 10, with 10 being the hottest.
If I was a food, what would I be, and how would you eat me?
Would you choose a wild, hot relationship or a calm and stable one?
If you had one week to live and you had to marry someone in this room, who would it be?
If you only had 24 hours to live and you could do anything with anyone in this room, who would it be and what would you do with that person?
What's your biggest turn-on?
And your biggest turn-off?
Would you go out with me if I was the last person on earth?
What's the most flirtatious thing you've ever done?
What's the sexiest thing about [fill in the name of a person in the room]?
If you could go on a romantic date with anyone in this room, who would you pick?
