Have you ever flashed someone?
Have you ever sexted anyone?
Have you ever been to a nudist beach? Would you consider going?
Would you ever consider posing for Playboy?
Who has seen you without clothes on?
Have you ever seen a naughty magazine?
Have you ever sent a nude selfie? Who would you send it to?
Have you ever searched for something dirty on the internet?
Who do you most want to sleep with, out of everyone here?
What's your favorite body part on your partner?
How many people have you kissed?
Have you ever been attracted to the same sex?
When and where was your first kiss? Who was it with?
When did you lose your virginity, and to whom did you lose it?
What's your ultimate sexual fantasy?
Would you go out with an older guy? How old is too old?
Do you sleep in the nude?
How much money would we have to pay you for you to agree to flash your boobs?
Have you ever been in a "friends with benefits" situation?
If you had to go skinny dipping with someone, who in this room would you choose?
If I paid you $100, would you wear your sexiest clothes to class?
If you got to have a threesome with people in this room, who would you do it with and why?
Let someone go through your YouTube history and read it out to the group.
Let someone go through your Amazon purchase history and read it out to the group.
Have you ever sexted anyone? If so, read one of the sexts in a fake British accent.
What is the most adventurous thing you’d want someone to do to you?
It’s totally not legal to do this, but if it were . . . [fill in the blank].
Who do you most want to sleep with, out of everyone here?
What is the song that you get it on to the most?
Where are you on the straight/queer spectrum? Be honest!
What’s your favorite fantasy to pleasure yourself to?
Where is the weirdest place that you’ve ever gone solo?
What is your favorite "special" toy?
When was the first time you came?
Who was your best partner and why?
When was your first kiss?
Do you have an “I’m getting laid tonight” outfit? What is it?
What’s your favorite body part on yourself? On your partner?
Have you ever cheated?
Have you ever wanted to cheat?
How many people have you slept with?
Who’s the hottest person at work?
What would be more thrilling: angry sex or makeup sex?
Who here are you most jealous of?
Have you ever had an exciting dream about me?
Do you love me? How much?
Where do you see this going?
How many partners have you had?
How many people have you kissed?
When was a time you were so turned on you couldn’t stand it?
How many times a week do you touch yourself?
Have you ever done it at work?
Do you like telling me what to do in bed, or do you prefer to be told what to do?
What is the most you’ve done for sex in the past?
What is the most times you've done it in one day?
What is the most times you've touched yourself in one day?
Have you ever done it while other people were around without them knowing?
Do you like a lot of foreplay? What kind?
Would you take a shower with me?
What is one thing that gets you hot and bothered every time?
Do you try to feel me up when we hug?
Do you ever just want to tear off my clothes?
How often do you watch something naughty?
Do you want to pull my hair?
Do you enjoy it when I kiss you on your neck?
When did you last go solo?
If I looked in your nightstand, what would I find?
Have you ever thought about me in the shower?
What’s something you’re afraid to tell me?
What is your favorite piece of clothing and why?
What is your favorite sexual memory of me?
How have I changed since we got married?
What do you love about me the most?
You know, I’ve always wondered . . . [fill in the blank].
Did you always know we were going to get married?
What sexual adventures do you want to go on in 30 years?
What’s something I did that you didn’t expect?
Are you where you thought you’d be 10 years ago?
If you could buy anything with $50, what would you get?
Would you let me look through your browsing history?
If you could give me a nightclub dancer's name, what would it be?
Did you ever fantasize about a teacher or an authority figure? Who and what was it?
Ever put something weird in your body?
When did you watch adults-only videos for the first time?
When do you remember being attracted to another person for the first time?
Would you play oily Twister with me?
Have you ever wanted me to tie you up?
When was the first time you knew you were attracted to me?
What’s the filthiest thing you’ve imagined doing to me?
Have you ever given or received a lap dance?
What is your wildest fantasy?
What was it like the first time someone went down on you?
Have you ever been attracted to the same sex?
What’s your self-love strategy?
What’s the worst kiss you’ve ever been given?
What is the most fun you’ve ever had in a romantic setting?
What’s something romantic you’ve done that you’re most proud of?
What’s your favorite body part on a guy?
Have you ever had a wardrobe malfunction?
Who's the most embarrassing crush you’ve ever had?
What was it like going down on someone the first time?
Have you ever faked it? When? Can you recreate it?
How do you like the taste when you go down on someone?
What’s the hookup you regret the most?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve done in a relationship?
How often do you trim down there?
Have you ever gotten a bikini wax?
Have you ever considered a threesome?
Have you ever had a one-night stand?
What’s the most embarrassing thing that turns you on?
When did you lose your virginity?
Do you have any interesting fetishes?
Have you ever been to a strip club?
When did you go solo for the first time?
What was the most powerful sexual experience you’ve ever had?
What’s your favorite body part on a girl?
When was the most embarrassing time you got turned on?
Have you ever thought about the same sex?
If you were into the same sex, which male celebrity would you go for?
Have you ever wanted to try on women’s clothing?
What is the dumbest thing you’ve ever done?
Who is your strangest off-limits crush?
Have you ever cheated?
When was the last time you cried?
Have you ever made someone cry?
Do you prefer one-on-one or the more the merrier?
What is the craziest thing you’ve ever watched?
What is one thing you’ve never done in the bedroom?
Have you ever done it in a car?
Have you ever given or been given ‘attention’ while driving a car?
When it comes to lingerie, is less best, or do you want something to unwrap?
Are second rounds exciting or exhausting?
Have you ever roleplayed?
What’s the worst lie you’ve ever told?
What’s your worst substance story (getting drunk, high, etc.)?
Do you have any spicy pictures or videos saved on your phone?
How many people have seen you naked?
